again.
Guys,
here we are with the new template there.
Locally,
this is an Excel spreadsheet,
so it's going to be very easy to deal with now.
What I've done is all the cells that we need to populate of Colored in Yellow on.
Then,
as we've dealt with them,
we're going to change them back toe white.
So we know that they're done.
So my name here is a constant.
That's nice and easy.
Something Just type my name in there A j consulting that will be a constant.
My assignment will be a constant.
The week ending is a data entry.
So we're going to hear equals.
We're gonna flip back to our data entry screen.
Let me just bring that up.
So it's nice unclear on we're gonna hit the date Andi hit,
enter and that's going to populate the date.
Now,
the week starting,
we can see is already a formula which basically say's reference cell I six,
which is this one here the week ending and subtract for so that's going to take us from the
Friday back to the Monday So all these have done so I'm just gonna change the thing back to
white these have done so I'm gonna change these back to white and they're these air the
next ones that we need to deal with.
Now,
these are hours and minutes expressed as decimals.
So instead of seven hours and 30 minutes,
we haven't expressed to 7.5 all the way across on the same without some over here.
If we look back at their data entry screen,
we can see that we don't actually have anything here that's going to allow us to do that.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna have another calculation section just over here of
just narrowed that screen.
So narrowed that column just so we can have a little bit of a separator.
And here,
firstly,
we're gonna work out what the full hours are.
So we're just going to fall.
There was Excel as a really quick way of working out for hours.
Now,
I'm just gonna on highlight that because that's not the cell that we're looking at.
Someone's gonna put no film.
We're gonna actually be looking at this column here,
which is our payable hours,
because that's what we want to report some.
So I'm just highlighting that so I can see which sell it is that I'm gonna be referencing
and to work at the full hours from that cell over here.
The seven hours and 30 we just there equals type hours.
Sorry.
Type our open brackets and click the cell that we want to have a look at and then closed
brackets.
And you can see that Excel is converted seven hours and 30 minutes into seven.
So I'm just going to send to that and then copy it all the way down.
Okay,
so now we worked seven hours,
seven hours,
eight hours,
seven hours on its ignoring the minutes.
Ignore,
in fact,
on delete that one.
That was because we haven't changed the format in two square brackets on the hours eso.
The next thing we want to have a look at is how many full minutes did we work?
So,
full colton,
enter minutes.
That's all.
Four month,
That one the same way.
So full delete off.
Enter four hours,
four minutes,
and it's just sent to those other.
What?
Nice and pretty on.
It wouldn't surprise you to know that to work out the minutes as we worked out the hours we
typed our to work out.
The minutes we type equals millet.
Andi,
open records on we'll click this one which have highlighted so we don't click on the wrong
one.
Closed brackets hit,
enter and just copy that down and then you can see that it's no extracted the minutes from
each of these cells here on drop them in here.
So again,
what we're gonna do is just send to that.
Now,
the final thing we need to work out is what the decimal is.
So to work out,
the decimal is we're going to say equals.
We're going to say a total payable hours on this one's nice and simple.
We're going to multiply it by 24 because that's family hours during the day on when we hit
enter,
we can see that we get 12.
No,
don't worry about that for a minute.
That's because we're still on this custom formatting or we gonna do is click general format
in,
and that's going to change the 7.5.
So I'm gonna center that double click,
and there we have 7.57 point 57.75 which is exactly the format that we have in our expenses
sheet just over here.
So,
no,
I can click this cell and say equals.
Flip back to the data entry screen and say reference that cell his enter two equals.
Flip back to the data entry sheet on do that one.
And then so on the so forth,
all the way across until I captured all of those.
And l'm on the 3rd 1 hit.
Enter now on the 4th 1 Copy.
Hit.
Enter on.
That's the fourth Andi hit the fifth equals that I'm not gonna do sat in some because we're
not gonna work Saturday and Sunday.
But if you were doing Saturday and Sunday,
obviously that's where you would where you would add them in Andi here.
It's just a plain some,
and that works perfectly well.
So 38.25 hours.
Okay,
so that's how we convert time to decimals.
These are a special case,
so we'll come back to those last No,
this is the next area that we don't have populated.
Let me just make those white.
So we know that we've dealt with them background white.
Okay,
now,
these are gonna be new things that we need to look up.
So we'll have a look at how we enter that into our data entry screen in the next lecture.
See you then.